 Job Position: Business Graduate – via the Grayce Graduate Development Programme?

Location: North West 

Starting Salary: £25,000

Application Requirements:

· Minimum 2:1 or above in any undergraduate subject. 

· Ability to work on site 5 days a week. 

· Right to work in the UK unsponsored for the duration of the programme. 


Are you a curious, adaptable and proactive problem solver with strong communication skills and a drive to make an impact? At Grayce, we’re looking for ambitious graduates who are eager to learn, take ownership and build meaningful relationships while delivering excellence. If you’re resourceful, resilient, and passionate about driving change, join us and be part of a community that cares, collaborates, and thrives together.



Understanding the role:

As a Business Analyst (BA), you’d be responsible for investigating and analysing business needs, identifying improvement opportunities, defining requirements and ensuring solutions align with business objectives. BA’s take a holistic approach, considering people, processes, technology and organisational structure to deliver value while minimising risks.


Why Grayce?

We specialise in driving change and transformation for some of the world’s most ambitious organisations and for over a decade, we've partnered with FTSE 100 and 250 companies to deliver impactful results by developing and deploying high-performing talent in the UK and beyond.

Our Accelerated Development Programme is designed to launch the careers of recent graduates eager to make an impact. We offer a fast-track route to expertise, allowing you to gain hands-on experience with one of our impressive clients in a variety of flexible roles.

Opportunity: You'll embark on a journey of continuous learning, gaining industry-accredited qualifications, whilst getting hands-on experience, working full time on site directly with prestigious FTSE100, 250, and 500 organisations.

Delivery: You will work with one client, delivering high quality outcomes during your Grayce tenure, before transitioning to working directly for them. The skills required for exceptional client delivery include natural curiosity, proactivity, adaptability, effective communication and problem solving.

Mentoring: Thrive under the guidance of our experienced Delivery Managers and Technical Trainers. They’ll be your go-to, offering support, insights and sharing experiences.

Progression: Starting as an Analyst with the potential for significant salary progression, you will pick up invaluable skills and complete a minimum of 6 industry recognised accreditations during your time on the development programme.



What makes a great Grayce Analyst?:

2:1 Undergraduate Degree: We are open to applicants from all undergraduate backgrounds with a minimum 2:1 degree.

Analytical Problem Solving: We're looking for analytical minds that can spot patterns and think creatively. Whether it's dissecting complex issues or finding fresh angles, we highly value critical thinking skills and their application.

Soft Skills: From effective communication styles to planning, organisation and a learning development mindset, Grayce is committed to building core consultancy skills. Stakeholder and time management are core skills we utilise every day and we look for examples of those through our interview process.



Why work for us?

Competitive Salary: Starting at £25,000 with potential for significant growth.

Industry Recognition: We help you embark on your journey with fully funded, industry-recognised qualifications designed to maximise your experience and put you in control of your career.

Mentors and Coaches: Access a network of mentors and coaches dedicated to you, your experiences and development at Grayce.

Wellness Support: We are here for you 24/7 with our Employee Assistance Programme, offering confidential assistance ranging from financial and legal support to health and wellbeing.
